"'All conditioned things are impermanent' - when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering." - The Buddha
"'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill." - The Buddha
"'As I am, so are they; as they are, so am I.' Comparing others with oneself, do not kill nor cause others to kill." - The Buddha
"A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business." - Henry Ford
"A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work." - John Lubbock
"A disciplined mind brings happiness." - The Buddha
"A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown." - Denis Waitley
"A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience." - Elbert Hubbard
"A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool." - Joseph Roux
"A friend in power is a friend lost." - Henry Adams
"A friend is a gift you give yourself." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same." - Elbert Hubbard
"A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself." - Jim Morrison
"A friend is what the heart needs all the time." - Henry van Dyke Jr.
"A friend is, as it were, a second self." - Cicero
"A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"A friend to all is a friend to none." - Aristotle
"A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship." - John Locke
"A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself." - May Sarton
"A goal is a dream with a deadline." - Napoleon Hill
"A goal without a plan is just a wish." - Larry Elder
"A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers." - Plato
"A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be." - Wayne Gretzky
"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week." - George S. Patton
"A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune." - Horace
"A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"A house divided against itself cannot stand." - Abraham Lincoln
"A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves." - Laozi
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way." - John C. Maxwell
"A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action." - Jawaharlal Nehru
"A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on." - Winston Churchill
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." - George Bernard Shaw
"A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle." - Kahlil Gibran
"A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success." - Elbert Hubbard
"A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right." - Thomas Paine
"A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one." - Chuck Norris
"A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do." - Chuck Norris
"A man is great by deeds, not by birth." - Chanakya
"A man is not old as long as he is seeking something." - Edmond Rostand
"A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve." - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
"A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them." - John C. Maxwell
"A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be." - Albert Einstein
"A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else." - Jean Francois Paul de Gondi
"A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"A mind unruffled by the vagaries of fortune, from sorrow freed, from defilements cleansed, from fear liberated - this is the greatest blessing." - The Buddha
"A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments." - Ezra Stiles
"A noble one produces an abundance of merit by having a compassionate mind towards all living beings." - The Buddha
"A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both." - Fawn M. Brodie
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom." - Robert Frost
"A prudent question is one half of wisdom." - Francis Bacon
"A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship." - Francis de Sales
"A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." - Walter Winchell
"A really great talent finds its happiness in execution." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"A rolling stone gathers no moss." - Publilius Syrus
"A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow." - Charlotte Bronte
"A short saying often contains much wisdom." - Sophocles
"A single lamp may light hundreds of thousands of lamps without itself being diminished." - The Buddha
"A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world." - Leo Buscaglia
"A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value." - Isaac Asimov
"A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her." - David Brinkley
"A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes." - Mark Twain
"A thing well said will be wit in all languages." - John Dryden
"A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love." - Basil of Caesarea
"A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably." - William C. Menninger
"A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!" - Doug Larson
"A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else." - Len Wein
"A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer." - Bruce Lee
"A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation." - Moliere
"A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds." - Francis Bacon
"A wise person should be urgently moved on occasions that make for urgency." - The Buddha
"A youth, when at home, should be filial and, abroad, respectful to his elders. He should be earnest and truthful. He should overflow in love to all and cultivate the friendship of the good. When he has time and opportunity, after the performance of these things, he should employ them in polite studies." - Confucius
"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it." - Lou Holtz
"Ability will never catch up with the demand for it." - Confucius
"Absence makes the heart grow fonder." - Thomas Haynes Bayly
"Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory." - George S. Patton
"Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory." - George S. Patton
"Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart." - Marcus Aurelius
"Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"Action is eloquence." - William Shakespeare
"Action is the foundational key to all success." - Pablo Picasso
"Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records." - William Arthur Ward
"Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant." - Horace
"Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway." - Mary Kay Ash
"Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age." - Anais Nin
"Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star." - W. Clement Stone
"All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!" - Bob Newhart
"All I required to be happy was friendship and people I could admire." - Christian Dior
"All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea." - Napoleon Hill
"All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter." - Sai Baba
"All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up." - Pablo Picasso
"All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small." - Laozi
"All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind." - The Buddha
"All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns." - Bruce Lee
"All great achievements require time." - Maya Angelou
"All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know." - Alexis Carrel
"All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope." - Alexandre Dumas
"All is flux; nothing stays still." - Heraclitus
"All know the way; few actually walk it." - Bodhidharma
"All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out." - Albert Camus
"All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life." - Tom Hodgkinson
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
"All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason." - Immanuel Kant
"All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions." - Leonardo da Vinci
"All our talents increase in the using, and every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise." - Anne Bronte
"All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention." - Rudolf Arnheim
"All phenomena are preceded by the mind, created by the mind, and have the mind as their master." - The Buddha
"All serious daring starts from within." - Harriet Beecher Stowe
"All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother." - Abraham Lincoln
"All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable." - Kathleen Norris
"All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." - Edgar Allan Poe
"All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream." - John Eliot
"All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope." - Winston Churchill
"All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts." - William Shakespeare
"All things change; nothing perishes." - Ovid
"All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted." - Teresa of Avila
"All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once." - Bill Watterson
"All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man." - Henry David Thoreau
"All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill." - The Buddha
"All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them." - Galileo Galilei
"All wisdom does not reside in Delhi." - P. Chidambaram
"Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose." - Richard Bach
"Almost everything comes from nothing." - Henri-Frederic Amiel
"Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom." - Euripides
"Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always." - Oprah Winfrey
"Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else." - Judy Garland
"Always be smarter than the people who hire you." - Lena Horne
"Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it." - Bruce Lee
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing." - Abraham Lincoln
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." - Abraham Lincoln
"Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." - Og Mandino
"Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart." - Phil Jackson
"Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment." - Morihei Ueshiba
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." - Margaret Mead
"Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity." - Og Mandino
"Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said." - Mark Twain
"America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others." - Parker Palmer
"An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox" - Laozi
"An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last." - Winston Churchill
"An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today." - Laurence J. Peter
"An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come." - Victor Hugo
"An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men." - Thomas Fuller
"An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind." - Albert Schweitzer
"An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage." - Jack Welch
"An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it." - Dee Hock
"An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts." - John Junor
"And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace." - Michelle Obama
"And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same." - Nelson Mandela
"And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on." - Alan Watts
"And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities - interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm." - Rowan Williams
"Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy." - Laozi
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is equivalent to magic." - Arthur C. Clarke
"Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it." - Oscar Wilde
"Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either." - Albert Einstein
"Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it." - Wayne Dyer
"Appearances are often deceiving." - Aesop
"Applause is a receipt, not a bill." - Dale Carnegie
"Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary." - Margaret Cousins
"Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts." - Alan Cohen
"Ardently do today what must be done. Who knows? Tomorrow, death comes." - The Buddha
"Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours." - Richard Bach
"Arriving at one point is the starting point to another." - John Dewey
"As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky." - Thomas Edison
"As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer." - James Gleick
"As a water bead on a lotus leaf, as water on a red lily, does not adhere, so the sage does not adhere to the seen, the heard, or the sensed." - The Buddha
"As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse." - The Buddha
"As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be." - Saul Alinsky
"As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others." - Nelson Mandela
"As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them." - John F. Kennedy
"As you think, so shall you become." - Bruce Lee
"As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round." - Ben Hogan
"As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life." - Joseph Prince
"Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer and practice it." - Richard Bach
"At the center of your being, you have the answer; you know who you are, and you know what you want." - Laozi
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
"Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower." - Albert Camus
"Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it." - Colin Powell
"Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!" - Richard Bach
"Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer." - Ted Williams
"Be Impeccable with Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love." - Don Miguel Ruiz
"Be as you wish to seem." - Socrates
"Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything." - Aesop
"Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence." - George Washington
"Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies." - Mother Teresa
"Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars." - Henry van Dyke Jr.
"Be great in act, as you have been in thought." - William Shakespeare
"Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?" - David Bader
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." - Dalai Lama
"Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas." - Marie Curie
"Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun." - Kahlil Gibran
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
"Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them." - William Shakespeare
"Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be." - Thomas a Kempis
"Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing." - Benjamin Franklin
"Be slow of tongue and quick of eye." - Miguel de Cervantes
"Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant." - Isocrates
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm." - Abraham Lincoln
"Be the change that you want to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Be the chief but never the lord." - Laozi
"Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day." - John Wooden
"Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket." - Doug Horton
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart." - Kahlil Gibran
"Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish." - Albert Einstein
"Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe." - Winston Churchill
"Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available." - James M. Beggs
"Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life." - Seneca the Younger
"Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise." - Horace
"Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again." - Og Mandino
"Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise." - Sigmund Freud
"Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?" - Confucius
"Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things." - Joe Paterno
"Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it." - Publilius Syrus
"Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own." - Aesop
"Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things." - The Buddha
"Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace." - The Buddha
"Better than a thousand useless words is one useful word, upon hearing which one attains peace." - The Buddha
"Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all." - Augustine of Hippo
"Between saying and doing, many a pair of shoes is worn out." - Iris Murdoch
"Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow." - Aesop
"Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance." - Bernard Shaw
"Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late someday." - Franz Liszt
"Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken." - Albert Camus
"Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed." - Alexander Pope
"Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind." - Plato
"Both formerly and now, it is only suffering that I describe, and the cessation of suffering." - The Buddha
"Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does." - Jane Austen
"But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything." - Alan Watts
"But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is." - Alan Watts
"But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine." - Thomas Jefferson
"But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated." - Ernest Hemingway
"But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be." - Alan Watts
"But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint." - Edmund Burke
"By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy." - Jane Roberts
"By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail." - Benjamin Franklin
"By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm." - Dalai Lama
"By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning." - Laozi
"By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"By nature, man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears." - Thomas Carlyle
"By oneself is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself is one made pure." - The Buddha
"By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest." - Confucius
"Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?" - Richard Bach
"Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?" - Sun Tzu
"Ceasing to do evil, Cultivating the good, Purifying the heart: This is the teaching of the Buddhas." - The Buddha
"Champions keep playing until they get it right." - Billie Jean King
"Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish." - Ovid
"Change in all things is sweet." - Aristotle
"Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." - John F. Kennedy
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek." - Barack Obama
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." - Simone de Beauvoir
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites." - Richard Garriott
"Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved." - Helen Keller
"Character develops itself in the stream of life." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing." - Abraham Lincoln
"Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements." - Napoleon Hill
"Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life." - Confucius
"Cleverness is not wisdom." - Euripides
"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." - Edward Everett Hale
"Commitment is an act, not a word." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"Communications tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically boring." - Clay Shirky
"Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength." - Dalai Lama
"Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork." - Sam Ewing
"Computers are useless. They can only give you answers." - Pablo Picasso
"Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence." - The Buddha
"Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving." - John Dewey
"Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth." - The Buddha
"Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health." - Dalai Lama
"Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate." - Albert Schweitzer
"Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do." - Pope John XXIII
"Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential." - Winston Churchill
"Correction does much, but encouragement does more." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear." - Pat Riley
"Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others." - Winston Churchill
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen." - Winston Churchill
"Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work." - Rita Mae Brown
"Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing." - Aristotle
"Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom." - Plato
"Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free." - Paul Tillich
"Delight in heedfulness! Guard well your thoughts!" - The Buddha
"Democracy's premise rests on the notion that the collective wisdom of the majority will prove right more often than it's wrong; that given sufficient opportunity in the pursuit of happiness, your population will develop its talents, its intellect, its better judgment; that over time its capacity for discernment and self-correction will be enlarged." - Ben Fountain
"Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict." - William Ellery Channing
"Difficulties are things that show a person what they are." - Epictetus
"Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." - Jim Rohn
"Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought." - Jonathan Swift
"Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it." - Rene Descartes
"Do I speak at the right time, or not? Do I speak of facts, or not? Do I speak gently or harshly? Do I speak profitable words or not? Do I speak with a kindly heart, or inwardly malicious?" - The Buddha
"Do all things with love." - Og Mandino
"Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame." - Alexander Pope
"Do more than dream: work." - William Arthur Ward
"Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education." - Thomas Carlyle
"Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do." - Dhammapada
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself." - Henry James
"Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind." - The Buddha
"Do not turn back when you are just at the goal." - Publilius Syrus
"Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person." - Mother Teresa
"Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along." - George Herbert
"Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater." - Albert Einstein
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Do something wonderful, people may imitate it." - Albert Schweitzer
"Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step." - Laozi
"Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it." - Oprah Winfrey
"Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are." - Forrest Church
"Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play." - Mike Singletary (basketball)
"Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you." - Thomas Jefferson
"Does wisdom perhaps appear on the earth as a raven which is inspired by the smell of carrion?" - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing." - Laozi
"Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life." - Wayne Dyer
"Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends." - Richard Bach
"Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly." - Richard Bach
"Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got." - Janis Joplin
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could." - Charles Dickens
"Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you." - Satchel Paige
"Don't ruin the present with the ruined past." - Ellen Gilchrist
"Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself." - Oprah Winfrey
"Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade." - Leo Buscaglia
"Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them." - Richard Bach
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." - Napoleon Hill
"Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats." - Howard H. Aiken
"Don't sacrifice your own welfare for that of another, no matter how great. Realizing your own true welfare, be intent on just that." - The Buddha
"Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of." - Benjamin Franklin
"Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them." - John Updike
"Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living." - Anais Nin
"Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good." - The Buddha
"Each day provides its own gifts." - Marcus Aurelius
"Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born." - Anais Nin
"Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck." - Og Mandino
"Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times." - Napoleon Hill
"Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela
"Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things." - Peter Drucker
"Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit." - Napoleon Hill
"Eighty percent of success is showing up." - Woody Allen
"Either I will find a way, or I will make one." - Philip Sidney
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"Error is discipline through which we advance." - William Ellery Channing
"Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it." - Woody Allen
"Ethical axioms are found and tested not very differently from the axioms of science. Truth is what stands the test of experience." - Albert Einstein
"Ethics change with technology." - Larry Niven
"Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship?" - Dalai Lama
"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." - Will Rogers
"Even youngish men can acquire wisdom as time goes by." - John Bercow
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." - Samuel Beckett
"Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit." - Napoleon Hill
"Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I have received and am still receiving." - Albert Einstein
"Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is." - Bob Feller
"Every friendship goes through ups and downs. Dysfunctional patterns set in; external situations cause internal friction; you grow apart and then bounce back together." - Mariella Frostrup
"Every friendship is different because everyone's personality is different." - Nargis Fakhri
"Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness." - Richard Bach
"Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination." - John Dewey
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world." - Harriet Tubman
"Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit." - Elbert Hubbard
"Every man is a volume if you know how to read him." - William Ellery Channing
"Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you." - Richard Bach
"Every problem has a gift for you in its hands." - Richard Bach
"Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing." - Mother Teresa
"Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people." - Mary Kay Ash
"Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart." - Rumi
"Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her." - Maria Montessori
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." - Leo Tolstoy
"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." - Thomas Edison
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." - Confucius
"Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be." - Marcus Aurelius
"Everything that happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so." - Marcus Aurelius
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves." - Carl Jung
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." - Carl Jung
"Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth." - Marcus Aurelius
"Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you." - Wayne Dyer
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
"Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude." - Ralph Marston
"Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way." - Booker T. Washington
"Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it." - Aristotle
"Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him." - Aldous Huxley
"Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." - Aldous Huxley
"Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes." - Oscar Wilde
"Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other." - Benjamin Franklin
"Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship." - Marilyn Monroe
"Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight." - Helen Keller
"Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet." - Robert Schuller
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." - Og Mandino
"Faith in oneself is the best and safest course." - Michelangelo
"Faith, as well intentioned as it may be, must be built on facts, not fiction--faith in fiction is a damnable false hope." - Thomas Edison
"False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports." - Richard Burton
"Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else." - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
"Fans don't boo nobodies." - Reggie Jackson (basketball, born 1990)
"Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light." - Dorothy Thompson
"Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends." - Shirley MacLaine
"Fear not for the future, weep not for the past." - Percy Bysshe Shelley
"Fears are nothing more than a state of mind." - Napoleon Hill
"Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations." - Albert Einstein
"Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions." - Albert Einstein
"Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story." - Casey Stengel
"Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue" - Confucius
"First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination." - Napoleon Hill
"First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." - Epictetus
"First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII - and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure." - Douglas Adams
"First-rate people hire first-rate people; second-rate people hire third-rate people." - Leo Rosten
"Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate." - Zhuang Zhou
"Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled." - Barack Obama
"Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action." - Peter Drucker
"Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself." - Oprah Winfrey
"For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone." - Audrey Hepburn
"For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour." - Mary Kay Ash
"For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life." - William Blake
"For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul." - Judy Garland
"Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Forgiveness is that subtle thread that binds both love and friendship. Without forgiveness, you may not even have a child one day." - George Foreman
"Formula for success: under promise and over deliver." - Tom Peters
"Fortune befriends the bold." - John Dryden
"Fortune favors the brave." - Virgil
"Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently." - William Arthur Ward
"Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Freedom is the right to live as we wish." - Epictetus
"Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"Friends are the siblings God never gave us." - Mencius
"Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer." - Ed Cunningham
"Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness." - Euripides
"Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams." - Henry David Thoreau
"Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures." - Seneca the Younger
"Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth." - Herman Melville
"Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage." - Farhan Akhtar
"Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief." - Cicero
"Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom." - Francis Bacon
"Friendship is Love without his wings!" - Lord Byron
"Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another." - Eustace Budgell
"Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity." - Mortimer J. Adler
"Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots." - George Santayana
"Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation." - Paul Theroux
"Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity." - Kahlil Gibran
"Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones." - Montesquieu
"Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another?" - Thomas Jefferson
"Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love." - Jane Austen
"Friendship is essentially a partnership." - Aristotle
"Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins." - Charles Eastman
"Friendship is like money, easier made than kept." - Samuel Butler
"Friendship is one mind in two bodies." - Mencius
"Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party." - Hanya Yanagihara
"Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce." - Voltaire
"Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious." - Thomas Aquinas
"Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing." - Elie Wiesel
"Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship." - Lord Byron
"Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil." - Baltasar Gracian
"Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness." - Dag Hammarskjold
"Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never." - Albert Camus
"Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life." - James F. Byrnes
"Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used." - Elbert Hubbard
"Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions." - Samuel Johnson
"Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything." - Muhammad Ali
"Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family." - Salman Rushdie
"From error to error one discovers the entire truth." - Sigmund Freud
"From wonder into wonder existence opens." - Laozi
"Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration." - Thomas Edison
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration." - Thomas Edison
"Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun." - Franz Grillparzer
"Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?" - Dalai Lama
"Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close." - Daisaku Ikeda
"Get busy living or get busy dying." - Stephen King
"Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime." - Laozi
"Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world." - Archimedes
"Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe." - Abraham Lincoln
"Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention." - Jim Rohn
"Give, even if you only have a little." - The Buddha
"Go for it now. The future is promised to no one." - Wayne Dyer
"Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Go to your bosom: Knock there and ask your heart what it doth know." - William Shakespeare
"Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement." - Brian Tracy
"God always takes the simplest way." - Albert Einstein
"God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well." - Voltaire
"God has given you one face, and you make yourself another." - William Shakespeare
"God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure." - Eric Liddell
"Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts." - Dan Gable
"Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose." - Woodrow Wilson
"Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others." - Plato
"Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it." - Agatha Christie
"Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment." - Will Rogers
"Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know." - William Saroyan
"Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees." - J. Willard Marriott
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best." - Jerome
"Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth." - Abraham Lincoln
"Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others." - Cicero
"Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty." - Doris Day
"Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul." - Henry K. Beecher
"Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow." - Melody Beattie
"Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. How on earth can you explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love? Put your hand on a stove for a minute and it seems like an hour. Sit with that special girl for an hour and it seems like a minute. That's relativity." - Albert Einstein
"Great acts are made up of small deeds." - Laozi
"Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds." - Albert Einstein
"Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven." - Laozi
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom." - Rumi
"Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity." - Augustine of Hippo
"Half the lies they tell about me aren't true." - Yogi Berra
"Happiness can exist only in acceptance." - George Orwell
"Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude." - Denis Waitley
"Happiness depends upon ourselves." - Aristotle
"Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes." - Dalai Lama
"Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best." - Theodore Isaac Rubin
"Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little." - Cheng Yen
"Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you." - Nathaniel Hawthorne
"Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing." - Napoleon Hill
"Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know." - Richard Bach
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors." - Dalai Lama
"Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open." - John Barrymore
"Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul." - Democritus
"Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal." - The Buddha
"Having nothing, nothing can he lose." - William Shakespeare
"He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law." - Pablo Picasso
"He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends." - Oscar Wilde
"He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has." - Epictetus
"He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose." - Jim Elliot
"He that is giddy thinks the world turns round." - William Shakespeare
"He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today." - Tryon Edwards
"He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"He who angers you conquers you." - Elizabeth Kenny
"He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snake's venom that so quickly spreads, - such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin." - The Buddha
"He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty." - Laozi
"He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still." - Laozi
"He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat." - Napoleon
"He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet." - Joseph Joubert
"He who hath many friends hath none." - Aristotle
"He who is contented is rich." - Laozi
"He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind." - Leonardo da Vinci
"He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care." - William C. Menninger
"He who knows himself is enlightened." - Laozi
"He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened." - Laozi
"He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough." - Laozi
"He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know." - Laozi
"He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God." - Aeschylus
"He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe." - Marcus Aurelius
"He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world." - Marcus Aurelius
"He who talks more is sooner exhausted." - Laozi
"He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own." - Confucius
"Heedfulness is the path to the Deathless. Heedlessness is the path to death. The heedful die not. The heedless are as if already dead." - The Buddha
"Hell, there are no rules here-- we're trying to accomplish something." - Thomas Edison
"Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it." - Napoleon Hill
"His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy." - Woody Allen
"History is written by the victors." - Winston Churchill
"History will be kind to me for I intend to write it." - Winston Churchill
"Honesty is the best policy." - Benjamin Franklin
"Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom." - Thomas Jefferson
"Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible." - William Sloane Coffin
"How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world." - William Shakespeare
"How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god." - Alan Watts
"How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size?" - Woody Allen
"How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone." - Coco Chanel
"How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg." - Abraham Lincoln
"How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives." - Annie Dillard
"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank
"How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress." - Niels Bohr
"However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so." - Douglas Adams
"Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons." - Buckminster Fuller
"I allow my intuition to lead my path." - Manuel Puig
"I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific." - Lily Tomlin
"I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts." - Abraham Lincoln
"I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times." - Everett Dirksen
"I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it." - Pablo Picasso
"I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught." - Winston Churchill
"I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else." - Winston Churchill
"I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match." - Mia Hamm
"I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals." - Winston Churchill
"I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever." - Amy Tan
"I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others." - Confucius
"I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong." - Abraham Lincoln
"I am not the first Buddha who came upon Earth, nor shall I be the last. In due time, another Buddha will arise in the world - a Holy One, a supremely enlightened One, endowed with wisdom in conduct, auspicious, knowing the universe, an incomparable leader of men, a master of angels and mortals." - The Buddha
"I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can." - Bernard Shaw
"I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else." - Pablo Picasso
"I believe in one thing only, the power of human will." - Joseph Stalin
"I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind." - Albert Einstein
"I believe that every person is born with talent." - Maya Angelou
"I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential." - Dalai Lama
"I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime." - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
"I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary." - Lou Holtz
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." - Jimmy Dean
"I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got." - Walter Cronkite
"I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland." - Woody Allen
"I can, therefore I am." - Simone Weil
"I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside." - Wayne Dyer
"I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun." - Chuck Swindoll
"I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody." - Herbert Bayard Swope
"I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better." - Henry David Thoreau
"I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing." - Michel de Montaigne
"I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean." - Isocrates
"I define friendship as a bond that transcends all barriers. When you are ready to expect anything and everything from friends, good, bad or ugly... that's what I call true friendship." - Harbhajan Singh
"I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends." - Abraham Lincoln
"I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act." - G. K. Chesterton
"I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act." - G. K. Chesterton
"I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me." - The Buddha
"I do not know the American gentleman, god forgive me for putting two such words together." - Charles Dickens
"I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process." - Oprah Winfrey
"I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be." - Ken Venturi
"I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars; I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over." - Warren Buffett
"I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better." - Plutarch
"I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture." - Susan Orlean
"I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying." - Woody Allen
"I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress." - Elizabeth Montagu
"I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe." - Dalai Lama
"I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?" - Richard Bach
"I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society." - Henry David Thoreau
"I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice." - Abraham Lincoln
"I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts." - John Locke
"I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line." - Lucille Ball
"I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do." - Leonardo da Vinci
"I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs." - Lin Yutang
"I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world." - Thomas Edison
"I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures." - Laozi
"I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side." - Yolanda Hadid
"I have learned that to be with those I like is enough." - Walt Whitman
"I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say." - Calvin Coolidge
"I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious." - Albert Einstein
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"I have often regretted my speech, never my silence." - Publilius Syrus
"I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is." - Alan Watts
"I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand." - Confucius
"I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be." - Thomas Jefferson
"I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country." - Thomas Jefferson
"I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat." - Rose Kennedy
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." - Albert Einstein
"I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain." - Oprah Winfrey
"I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want." - Muhammad Ali
"I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose." - John F. Kennedy
"I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer." - Colette
"I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you." - Maya Angelou
"I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else." - John Keats
"I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend." - Thomas Jefferson
"I never did a day's work in my life.  It was all fun." - Thomas Edison
"I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident" - Thomas Edison
"I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done." - Marie Curie
"I never teach my pupils. I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn." - Albert Einstein
"I never think of the future - it comes soon enough." - Albert Einstein
"I never think of the future. It comes soon enough." - Albert Einstein
"I never worry about action, but only inaction." - Winston Churchill
"I owe my solitude to other people." - Alan Watts
"I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom." - Anatole France
"I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence." - Frederick Douglass
"I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted." - Og Mandino
"I think and that is all that I am." - Wayne Dyer
"I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world." - Judy Collins
"I think somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex." - Kurt Vonnegut
"I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time." - Victoria Osteen
"I took a speed-reading course and read 'War and Peace' in twenty minutes. It involves Russia." - Woody Allen
"I violated the Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does." - Warren Buffett
"I walk slowly, but I never walk backward." - Abraham Lincoln
"I want my friend to miss me as long as I miss him." - Augustine of Hippo
"I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being." - Confucius
"I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me." - Woody Allen
"I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise." - John Keats
"I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars." - Og Mandino
"I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability." - Confucius
"I will prepare and some day my chance will come." - Abraham Lincoln
"I will prepare and someday my chance will come." - Abraham Lincoln
"I won't close down a business of subnormal profitability merely to add a fraction of a point to our corporate returns. I also feel it inappropriate for even an exceptionally profitable company to fund an operation once it appears to have unending losses in prospect. Adam Smith would disagree with my first proposition and Karl Marx would disagree with my second; the middle ground is the only position that leaves me comfortable." - Warren Buffett
"I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder." - G. K. Chesterton
"I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed." - Robert Schuller
"I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done." - Lucille Ball
"I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done." - Lucille Ball
"I'll prepare and someday my chance will come." - Abraham Lincoln
"I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it." - Thomas Jefferson
"I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown." - Woody Allen
"I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship." - Louisa May Alcott
"I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine." - Bruce Lee
"I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel." - Elizabeth Arden
"I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best." - Marilyn Monroe
"I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." - Michael Jordan
"I, too, do not envision a doctrine of self the clinging to which there would not arise sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, and despair." - The Buddha
"Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible." - Walter Lippmann
"Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes." - Napoleon Hill
"Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun." - Don Marquis
"If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut." - Albert Einstein
"If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?" - Rabbi Hillel
"If I find 10,000 ways something won't work, I haven't failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward." - Thomas Edison
"If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith." - Albert Einstein
"If I know what love is, it is because of you." - Hermann Hesse
"If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?" - Abraham Lincoln
"If a man does his best, what else is there?" - George S. Patton
"If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair." - Samuel Johnson
"If a man going down into a river, swollen and swiftly flowing, is carried away by the current - how can he help others across? - The Buddha" - The Buddha
"If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead." - Erma Bombeck
"If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow." - Rachel Carson
"If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it." - Marcus Aurelius
"If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever." - Woody Allen
"If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavors to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours." - Henry David Thoreau
"If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable." - Seneca the Younger
"If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable." - Seneca the Younger
"If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others." - Anne Lindbergh
"If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities." - Maya Angelou
"If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way." - Aristotle
"If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time." - Edith Wharton
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?" - Gloria Steinem
"If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If there is no struggle, there is no progress." - Frederick Douglass
"If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love." - Michel de Montaigne
"If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves." - Thomas Edison
"If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"If we are not given the chance to forget, we are also not given the chance to recover our memories, to alter them with time, perspective, and wisdom. Forgetting, we can be ourselves beyond what the past has told us we are; we can evolve. That is the possibility we want from the future." - Caterina Fake
"If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away." - John Steinbeck
"If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves." - Thomas Edison
"If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome." - Anne Bradstreet
"If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace." - Dalai Lama
"If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher." - Pema Chodron
"If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us." - Daisaku Ikeda
"If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future." - Winston Churchill
"If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts, happiness follows them like a never-departing shadow." - The Buddha
"If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome." - Michael Jordan
"If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness." - Vusi Mahlasela
"If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude." - Colin Powell
"If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor." - Albert Einstein
"If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?" - Joe Namath
"If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience." - Robert Fulghum
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein
"If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one." - Mother Teresa
"If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way." - Napoleon Hill
"If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change." - Wayne Dyer
"If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place." - Laozi
"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading." - Laozi
"If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself." - Rollo May
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." - Jim Rohn
"If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place." - Nora Roberts
"If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there." - Lewis Carroll
"If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else." - Laurence J. Peter
"If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." - Maya Angelou
"If you fell down yesterday, stand up today." - H. G. Wells
"If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging." - Will Rogers
"If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results." - Jack Dixon
"If you have a harem of 40 women, you never get to know any of them very well." - Warren Buffett
"If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it." - Margaret Fuller
"If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose." - Mary Pickford
"If you have one true friend, you have more than your share." - Thomas Fuller
"If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum." - Holly Near
"If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you." - A. A. Milne
"If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?" - Confucius
"If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor." - Daisaku Ikeda
"If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of." - Bruce Lee
"If you love someone, set them free. If they come back, they're yours; if they don't, they never were." - Richard Bach
"If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail." - Abraham Maslow
"If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem." - J. Paul Getty
"If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible." - Epictetus
"If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing." - Margaret Thatcher
"If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it." - Andy Rooney
"If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done." - Bruce Lee
"If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine." - Morris West
"If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it." - Toni Morrison
"If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart." - Nelson Mandela
"If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
"If you want a thing done well, do it yourself." - Napoleon
"If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself." - Norman Vincent Peale
"If you want to go east, don't go west." - Ramakrishna
"If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it." - Charles F. Kettering
"If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success." - John Locke
"If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think." - Oprah Winfrey
"If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink." - Sophocles
"If you wish to be a writer, write." - Epictetus
"If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence." - Laozi
"If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives." - Vince Lombardi
"If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning." - Larry Page
"If you're going through hell, keep going." - Winston Churchill
"If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it." - Michael Jordan
"If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion." - Elon Musk
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." - John Quincy Adams
"Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without." - Henry David Thoreau
"Ignorance never settles a question." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away." - Sophocles
"Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'" - Bill Bradley
"Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world." - Blaise Pascal
"Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create." - Albert Einstein
"Imagination is more important than knowledge..." - Albert Einstein
"Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Imagination is the highest kite one can fly." - Lauren Bacall
"Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception." - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
"Imagination rules the world." - Napoleon
"Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere." - Carl Sagan
"Important principles may, and must, be inflexible." - Abraham Lincoln
"Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned." - Charles W. Chesnutt
"In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order." - Carl Jung
"In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous." - Aristotle
"In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you." - Janet Jackson
"In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present." - Laozi
"In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks." - John Muir
"In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by." - Lucille Ball
"In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice." - Richard Bach
"In order to win, you must expect to win." - Richard Bach
"In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time." - Leonardo da Vinci
"In romance, we feel the need to zoom in and expound on our partner's foibles in intimate detail; in friendship, we tend to do the opposite, avoiding confrontation through fear, lethargy or both." - Mariella Frostrup
"In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy." - William Blake
"In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later." - Harold Geneen
"In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield." - Warren Buffett
"In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer." - Albert Camus
"In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas." - The Buddha
"In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed." - Kahlil Gibran
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists." - Eric Hoffer
"In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies." - Winston Churchill
"In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration." - Ansel Adams
"Independence is happiness." - Susan B. Anthony
"Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten." - Aesop
"Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working." - Pablo Picasso
"Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance." - Thomas Carlyle
"Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things." - Woody Allen
"Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer." - Robert Graves
"Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself." - Henry Reed
"Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next." - Jonas Salk
"Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom." - Anatole France
"Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves." - The Buddha
"It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves." - Carl Jung
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things." - Leonardo da Vinci
"It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity." - Albert Einstein
"It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues." - Abraham Lincoln
"It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important." - Arthur Conan Doyle
"It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them." - Man Ray
"It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things." - Henry David Thoreau
"It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it." - John Steinbeck
"It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education." - Albert Einstein
"It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all." - Edward de Bono
"It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot." - Anatole France
"It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others." - Dalai Lama
"It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself." - Betty Friedan
"It is easy to be brave from a safe distance." - Aesop
"It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company." - George Washington
"It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it." - Douglas MacArthur
"It is good even for old men to learn wisdom." - Aeschylus
"It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not." - Mignon McLaughlin
"It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement - that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life." - Sigmund Freud
"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune." - Woody Allen
"It is impossible to love and to be wise." - Francis Bacon
"It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse." - The Buddha
"It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped." - Tony Robbins
"It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them." - Confucius
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary." - Winston Churchill
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well." - Rene Descartes
"It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves." - William Shakespeare
"It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do." - Moliere
"It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn." - Hannah More
"It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help." - Epicurus
"It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him." - Max Planck
"It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living." - Eckhart Tolle
"It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law." - Thomas Hobbes
"It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success." - Havelock Ellis
"It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship." - Henry Ward Beecher
"It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means." - Charles Kingsley
"It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." - Aristotle
"It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them." - Epictetus
"It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary." - Richard Whately
"It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen." - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
"It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity." - Mahatma Gandhi
"It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge." - Albert Einstein
"It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover." - Henri Poincare
"It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag." - Donald Trump
"It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err." - Mahatma Gandhi
"It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own." - Jessamyn West
"It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters." - Aesop
"It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn." - Robert Southey
"It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens." - Pema Chodron
"It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts." - Ella Fitzgerald
"It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree." - Elbert Hubbard
"It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf." - Walter Lippmann
"It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more." - Woody Allen
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." - E. E. Cummings
"It's a good thing to be satisfied with what one has." - The Buddha
"It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life." - Elizabeth Kenny
"It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end." - Leonardo da Vinci
"It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference." - Tom Brokaw
"It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains." - Danilo Dolci
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." - Epictetus
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." - Henry David Thoreau
"It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked." - Warren Buffett
"It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it." - Sam Levenson
"It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button." - John Brunner
"It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen." - John Wooden
"Joy is the best makeup." - Anne Lamott
"Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are." - Marianne Williamson
"Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest." - Sri Chinmoy
"Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not." - Dhammapada
"Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings." - The Buddha
"Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame." - The Buddha
"Just as much as we see in others, we have in ourselves." - William Hazlitt
"Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless." - Thomas Edison
"Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children." - Kahlil Gibran
"Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly." - Epictetus
"Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow." - Helen Keller
"Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless." - Mother Teresa
"Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much." - Blaise Pascal
"Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love." - Laozi
"Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom." - Theodore Isaac Rubin
"Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see." - Mark Twain
"Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet." - The Buddha
"Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly." - Plutarch
"Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world." - Margaret Laurence
"Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who don't, and the courage to stop those who won't." - Mark Goulston
"Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly." - Epictetus
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply!" - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment." - Laozi
"Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people." - Carl Jung
"Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity." - Calvin Coolidge
"Knowledge has three degrees: opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition." - Plotinus
"Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster." - Avery Brooks
"Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad." - Brian O'Driscoll
"Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice." - Anton Chekhov
"Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more." - William Cowper
"Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also." - Carl Jung
"Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens." - Jimi Hendrix
"Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom." - Plato
"Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one." - Oscar Wilde
"Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population." - Albert Einstein
"Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal." - Vince Lombardi
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow." - Albert Einstein
"Learning is finding out what you already know." - Richard Bach
"Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins." - Jim Rohn
"Learning never exhausts the mind." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous." - Confucius
"Leave no stone unturned." - Euripides
"Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement." - Ralph Marston
"Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity." - Louis Pasteur
"Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom." - The Buddha
"Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one's own acts, done and undone." - The Buddha
"Let the beauty of what you love be what you do." - Rumi
"Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine." - Nikola Tesla
"Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit." - Kahlil Gibran
"Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love." - Mother Teresa
"Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom." - Marcel Proust
"Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions." - John F. Kennedy
"Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!" - Charlotte Perkins Gilman
"Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow." - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish." - Ovid
"Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love." - Rumi
"Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose." - Simone Weil
"Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter." - Charles Lindbergh
"Life has no blessing like a prudent friend." - Euripides
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." - Chuck Swindoll
"Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more" - Tony Robbins
"Life is a learning experience, only if you learn." - Yogi Berra
"Life is a progress, and not a station." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed." - Corita Kent
"Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken." - Laurence J. Peter
"Life is about timing." - Carl Lewis
"Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable." - Woody Allen
"Life is just a chance to grow a soul." - A. Powell Davies
"Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it." - Tom Lehrer
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!" - John Pierrakos
"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." - Soren Kierkegaard
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
"Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation." - Charlotte Bronte
"Life is the flower for which love is the honey." - Victor Hugo
"Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue." - Edith Wharton
"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"Life is what happens while you are making other plans." - John Lennon
"Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be." - Grandma Moses
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - Bernard Shaw
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anais Nin
"Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit." - Kahlil Gibran
"Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are." - Bernice Reagon
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Light tomorrow with today!" - Elizabeth Browning
"Listen to what you know instead of what you fear." - Richard Bach
"Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down." - Ray Bradbury
"Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end." - Leonard Nimoy
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein
"Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too." - Marcus Aurelius
"Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious." - Stephen Hawking
"Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love." - Francis of Assisi
"Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it." - Richard Whately
"Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight." - Marcus Aurelius
"Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down." - Oprah Winfrey
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." - William Shakespeare
"Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness." - Dalai Lama
"Love and friendship exclude each other." - Jean de La Bruyere
"Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle." - Amy Bloom
"Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it." - Karl Menninger
"Love demands infinitely less than friendship." - George Jean Nathan
"Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile." - Elizabeth Browning
"Love has no age, no limit; and no death." - John Galsworthy
"Love is a friendship set to music." - Joseph Campbell
"Love is a serious mental disease." - Plato
"Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." - Aristotle
"Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree." - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
"Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable." - Bruce Lee
"Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart." - Washington Irving
"Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love." - Charles Peguy
"Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty." - Cicero
"Love is the flower you've got to let grow." - John Lennon
"Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness." - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
"Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise." - Samuel Johnson
"Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you." - Loretta Young
"Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world." - Lucille Ball
"Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something." - Anton Chekhov
"Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have." - Ernie Banks
"Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity." - Seneca the Younger
"Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in." - Katherine Mansfield
"Make it your habit not to be critical about small things." - Edward Everett Hale
"Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens." - Epictetus
"Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed." - Blaise Pascal
"Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after." - Henry David Thoreau
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." - Thomas Edison
"Many sophisticated, intelligent people lack wisdom and common sense." - Joyce Meyer
"Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation." - Samuel Richardson
"Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you." - Wayne Dyer
"May all beings have happy minds." - The Buddha
"May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with." - Peter Elbow
"Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius." - Arthur Conan Doyle
"Meditate ... do not delay, lest you later regret it." - The Buddha
"Meditation brings wisdom, lack of meditation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back and choose the path that leads to wisdom." - The Buddha
"Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity." - Voltaire
"Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything." - John Kenneth Galbraith
"Memory is the mother of all wisdom." - Samuel Johnson
"Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them." - Epictetus
"Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till someone dash it from them." - Sophocles
"Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind." - Paavo Nurmi
"Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open." - Thomas Dewar
"Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort." - Charles Dickens
"Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing." - Wayne Dyer
"Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them." - Bruce Lee
"Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom." - Phyllis Grissim-Theroux
"Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts." - Aristotle
"More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength." - Dalai Lama
"Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be." - Abraham Lincoln
"Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure." - Napoleon Hill
"Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all." - Dale Carnegie
"Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be" - Abraham Lincoln
"Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well." - Warren Buffett
"Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second." - William James
"Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power." - Seneca the Younger
"Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it." - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others" - The Buddha
"Much wisdom often goes with fewer words." - Sophocles
"Much wisdom often goes with fewest words." - Sophocles
"Music in the soul can be heard by the universe." - Laozi
"Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy." - Ludwig van Beethoven
"My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me." - Henry Ford
"My friends are my estate." - Emily Dickinson
"My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging." - Hank Aaron
"My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind." - Albert Einstein
"Myths which are believed in tend to become true." - George Orwell
"Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak." - Epictetus
"Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Nature takes away any faculty that is not used." - William Inge
"Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship." - Johann Kaspar Lavater
"Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius." - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
"Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye." - Helen Keller
"Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it." - Norman Cousins
"Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do." - Amelia Earhart
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead
"Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway." - Elbert Hubbard
"Never find fault with the absent." - Alexander Pope
"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." - Harriet Beecher Stowe
"Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations." - Leo Buscaglia
"Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done." - Amelia Earhart
"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." - Napoleon
"Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness." - Chanakya
"Never mistake activity for achievement." - John Wooden
"Never mistake motion for action." - Ernest Hemingway
"Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command." - Alan Watts
"Never promise more than you can perform." - Publilius Syrus
"Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today." - Thomas Jefferson
"Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm." - Pope Paul VI
"Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf." - Albert Schweitzer
"Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity." - George S. Patton
"Never, never, never give up." - Winston Churchill
"Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time." - Theodore Roosevelt
"No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility." - Napoleon Hill
"No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings." - William Blake
"No day in which you learn something is a complete loss." - David Eddings
"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth." - Robert Southey
"No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"No garden is without its weeds." - Thomas Fuller
"No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like." - Napoleon Hill
"No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar." - Abraham Lincoln
"No man is free who is not master of himself." - Epictetus
"No man was ever wise by chance." - Seneca the Younger
"No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto." - W. Clement Stone
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut." - Sam Rayburn
"No one has ever become poor by giving." - Anne Frank
"No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another." - Charles Dickens
"No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise." - Barack Obama
"No person is your friend who demands your silence or denies your right to grow." - Alice Walker
"No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit." - Helen Keller
"No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible." - Voltaire
"No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now." - Alan Watts
"No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now." - Alan Watts
"No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today." - Brendan Behan
"Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little." - Edmund Burke
"Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself." - Liberace
"None knows the weight of another's burden." - George Herbert
"Not all those who wander are lost." - J. R. R. Tolkien
"Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom." - Bodhidharma
"Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort." - Epictetus
"Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance." - Jean Antoine Petit-Senn
"Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend." - Plautus
"Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world." - Jane Addams
"Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action." - Walter Inglis Anderson
"Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know." - Pema Chodron
"Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Nothing happens unless first we dream." - Carl Sandburg
"Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result." - Winston Churchill
"Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less." - Marie Curie
"Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood." - Marie Curie
"Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it." - Laozi
"Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Nothing will work unless you do." - Maya Angelou
"Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind." - Bruce Lee
"Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning." - Winston Churchill
"Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man." - Sophocles
"O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive!" - Walter Scott
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." - Henry Ford
"Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal." - Hannah More
"Of all possessions a friend is the most precious." - Herodotus
"Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship." - Epicurus
"Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings." - Arthur Rubinstein
"On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, in every rill a sweet instruction flows." - Edward Young
"Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road." - Stewart Brand
"Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them." - Albert Einstein
"Once you choose hope, anything's possible." - Christopher Reeve
"Once you label me you negate me." - Soren Kierkegaard
"One fails forward toward success." - Charles F. Kettering
"One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim." - Brooks Adams
"One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble." - The Buddha
"One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives." - Euripides
"One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man." - Elbert Hubbard
"One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it." - Knute Rockne
"One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility." - Albert Einstein
"One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life." - E. M. Forster
"One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that one's life has meaning, that one is needed in this world." - Hannah Szenes
"One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries." - A. A. Milne
"One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood." - Seneca the Younger
"One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency." - Olivier Messiaen
"One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." - Benjamin Disraeli
"One should not hurt others if one loves oneself." - The Buddha
"One should train in deeds of merit-generosity, a balanced life, developing a loving mind-that yield long-lasting happiness." - The Buddha
"One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent." - Epictetus
"One today is worth two tomorrows." - Benjamin Franklin
"One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity." - Albert Schweitzer
"One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him." - Laozi
"One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human." - George Santayana
"One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion." - Simone de Beauvoir
"One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me." - Carol Burnett
"Only do what your heart tells you." - Princess Diana
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." - Pablo Picasso
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
"Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others." - Harriet Lerner
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." - Albert Einstein
"Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live." - Dorothy Thompson
"Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door." - Kyle Chandler
"Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - Thomas Edison
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - Thomas Edison
"Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat." - Napoleon Hill
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"Our distrust is very expensive." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt." - Jane Addams
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Confucius
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." - Thomas Edison
"Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Our intention creates our reality." - Wayne Dyer
"Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe." - Gordon Hinckley
"Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made." - Wayne Dyer
"Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith." - Gordon Hinckley
"Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature." - Nathaniel Hawthorne
"Our passion is our strength." - Billie Armstrong
"Our shared values define us more than our differences. And acknowledging those shared values can see us through our challenges today if we have the wisdom to trust in them again." - John McCain
"Our strength grows out of our weaknesses." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more." - Nikola Tesla
"Our work is the presentation of our capabilities." - Edward Gibbon
"Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain." - Kahlil Gibran
"Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands." - Anne Frank
"Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish." - John Adams
"Patience is the companion of wisdom." - Augustine of Hippo
"Peace begins with a smile." - Mother Teresa
"Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding." - Albert Einstein
"Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away." - Robert Fulghum
"People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them." - Tony Robbins
"People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring." - Rogers Hornsby
"People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy." - Anton Chekhov
"People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do." - Lewis Cass
"People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost." - Dalai Lama
"People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge." - Masayoshi Son
"Perfection of means and confusion of ends seems to characterize our age." - Albert Einstein
"Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Persuasion is often more effectual than force." - Aesop
"Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win." - Jonathan Kozol
"Pitching is the art of instilling fear." - Sandy Koufax
"Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will." - Zig Ziglar
"Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater." - Epictetus
"Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible." - Maya Angelou
"Price is what you pay. Value is what you get." - Warren Buffett
"Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them." - Hugh Miller
"Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." - Hal Abelson
"Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible." - Hannah Arendt
"Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh." - Francis of Assisi
"Purity and impurity depend on oneself; no one can purify another." - The Buddha
"Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort." - John Ruskin
"Quality is not an act; it is a habit." - Aristotle
"Quality means doing it right when no one is looking." - Henry Ford
"Quick decisions are unsafe decisions." - Sophocles
"Radiate boundless love towards the entire world - above, below, and across - unhindered, without ill will, without enmity." - The Buddha
"Radiate boundless love towards the entire world..." - The Buddha
"Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer." - Jean de La Fontaine
"Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life." - George Herbert
"Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking." - Albert Einstein
"Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love." - David McCullough
"Reality does not conform to the ideal but confirms it." - Gustave Flaubert
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one." - Albert Einstein
"Reality leaves a lot to the imagination." - John Lennon
"Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error." - Thomas Jefferson
"Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some." - Charles Dickens
"Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"Remember that failure is an event, not a person." - Zig Ziglar
"Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck." - Dalai Lama
"Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"Resolutely train yourself to attain peace." - The Buddha
"Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years." - Frank Lloyd Wright
"Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher." - Confucius
"Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community." - Steven Van Zandt
"Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma." - Winston Churchill
"Sadness flies away on the wings of time." - Jean de La Fontaine
"Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom." - Will Durant
"Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life." - Immanuel Kant
"See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort." - Dalai Lama
"Self-trust is the first secret of success." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting." - George Orwell
"Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there." - Bo Jackson
"Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means." - Albert Einstein
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." - Tony Robbins
"Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace." - Christie Brinkley
"Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all." - Winston Churchill
"Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good." - The Buddha
"Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course." - The Buddha
"Should someone do good, let them do it again and again. They should develop this habit, for the accumulation of goodness brings joy." - The Buddha
"Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure." - The Buddha
"Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech." - Plutarch
"Silence is a source of great strength." - Laozi
"Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time." - Thomas Carlyle
"Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom." - Francis Bacon
"Silence is the true friend that never betrays." - Confucius
"Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy." - Wayne Dyer
"Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men." - Confucius
"Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right." - Abraham Lincoln
"Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity." - William C. Menninger
"Skill to do comes of doing." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises." - Demosthenes
"Smile, breathe and go slowly." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being." - Henri-Frederic Amiel
"So much technology, so little talent." - Vernor Vinge
"So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself." - Alan Watts
"Some do not understand that we must die, But those who do realize this settle their quarrels." - The Buddha
"Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future." - Dale Turner
"Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple." - Barry Switzer
"Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends." - Virginia Woolf
"Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you." - Julie Morgenstern
"Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness." - Rumi
"Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions." - Yoko Ono
"Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over." - Octavia E. Butler
"Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing." - Tony Blair
"Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths." - Etty Hillesum
"Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." - Richard Bach
"Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life." - Lord Byron
"Speak low, if you speak love." - William Shakespeare
"Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing." - The Buddha
"Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret." - Ambrose Bierce
"Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation." - Robert Schuller
"Sports do not build character. They reveal it." - Heywood Broun
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." - Mother Teresa
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable." - Franz Kafka
"Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be." - Marsha Petrie Sue
"Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach." - Tony Robbins
"Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act." - Dr. Seuss
"Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger." - Richard Bach
"Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong." - Richard Needham
"Study the past, if you would divine the future." - Confucius
"Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature." - Charles Dickens
"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were." - David Rockefeller
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." - Dale Carnegie
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"Success is where preparation and opportunity meet." - Bobby Unser
"Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers." - Tony Robbins
"Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather." - John Ruskin
"Sustaining true friendship is a lot more challenging than we give it credit for." - Mariella Frostrup
"Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart." - Washington Irving
"Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom." - Sam Walton
"TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public." - Douglas Coupland
"Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against." - Bruce Lee
"Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop." - Ovid
"Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick." - Bruce Lee
"Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in." - Napoleon
"Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful." - John Wooden
"Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful." - Harvey Mackay
"Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards." - Aldous Huxley
"Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers - which is why almost no technology ever works." - John Cleese
"Technology has to be invented or adopted." - Jared Diamond
"Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born." - Man Ray
"Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe." - Alan Watts
"Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them." - Steve Jobs
"Technology is teaching us to be human again." - Simon Mainwaring
"Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories." - Laurie Anderson
"Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable." - Joseph Wood Krutch
"Technology presumes there's just one right way to do things and there never is." - Robert M. Pirsig
"Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other." - Carrie Snow
"Technology... the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it." - Max Frisch
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." - Benjamin Franklin
"Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity." - Billie Jean King
"That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"That's the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along." - Lisa Alther
"The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage." - Confucius
"The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah." - Afrika Bambaataa
"The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion." - Thomas Paine
"The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for." - Oscar Wilde
"The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art." - John Lasseter
"The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order." - Alfred North Whitehead
"The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out." - Walter Benjamin
"The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while." - Albert Einstein
"The awareness of our own strength makes us modest." - Paul Cezanne
"The ballot is stronger than the bullet." - Abraham Lincoln
"The beginning is always today." - Mary Wollstonecraft
"The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand." - Frank Herbert
"The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth." - Peter Abelard
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart." - Helen Keller
"The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter." - Winston Churchill
"The best cure for the body is a quiet mind." - Napoleon
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time." - Abraham Lincoln
"The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer..." - Moncure D. Conway
"The best way out is always through." - Robert Frost
"The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it." - Richard Bach
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"The biggest room in the world is room for improvement." - Helmut Schmidt
"The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp." - John Berry
"The calmed say that what is well-spoken is best; second, that one should say what is right, not unrighteous; third, what's pleasing, not displeasing; fourth, what is true, not false." - The Buddha
"The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all." - Ovid
"The cautious seldom err." - Confucius
"The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back." - Seneca the Younger
"The day of fortune is like a harvest day, we must be busy when the corn is ripe." - Torquato Tasso
"The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated." - William James
"The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship." - Mao Zedong
"The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest her or his patients in the care of the human frame, in a proper diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease." - Thomas Edison
"The doors of wisdom are never shut." - Benjamin Franklin
"The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance." - Benjamin Franklin
"The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle." - Anais Nin
"The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention." - Alan Watts
"The energy of the mind is the essence of life." - Aristotle
"The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses." - Ovid
"The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremist pleasure in life." - Mark Twain
"The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness." - Jean Cocteau
"The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend." - Henri Bergson
"The fall of dropping water wears away the Stone." - Lucretius
"The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see." - Winston Churchill
"The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break." - John Madden
"The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment." - Elbert Hubbard
"The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it." - Reinhold Niebuhr
"The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it." - Charlotte Perkins Gilman
"The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary." - Thomas Edison
"The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want." - Ben Stein
"The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet." - James Oppenheim
"The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all." - Erasmus
"The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought." - Leon Blum
"The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares." - Henri Nouwen
"The friendship that can cease has never been real." - Jerome
"The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil." - Cicero
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment." - Pema Chodron
"The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling." - Ambrose Bierce
"The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for." - Alexander Chalmers
"The great myth of our times is that technology is communication." - Libby Larsen
"The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark." - Michelangelo
"The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds." - John F. Kennedy
"The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life." - Eckhart Tolle
"The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction." - Eckhart Tolle
"The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high, and we miss it, but that it is too low, and we reach it." - Michelangelo
"The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be." - William James
"The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it." - Hubert Humphrey
"The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own." - Benjamin Disraeli
"The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love." - Hubert Humphrey
"The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues." - Rene Descartes
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." - Elbert Hubbard
"The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed." - Nathaniel Hawthorne
"The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment." - Pema Chodron
"The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge." - Daniel J. Boorstin
"The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances." - Martha Washington
"The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident." - Charles Lamb
"The greatest remedy for anger is delay." - Seneca the Younger
"The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be." - Socrates
"The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions." - Alfred Tennyson
"The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live." - Bertrand Russell
"The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of." - Charles Henry Parkhurst
"The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of." - Blaise Pascal
"The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk." - Cicero
"The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts." - Charles Darwin
"The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure." - William Blake
"The human spirit must prevail over technology." - Albert Einstein
"The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty, and Truth. The trite subjects of human efforts, possessions, outward success, luxury have always seemed to me contemptible." - Albert Einstein
"The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become." - Charles Du Bos
"The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition." - Ralph Abernathy
"The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries." - Winston Churchill
"The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Laozi
"The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best." - Epictetus
"The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness." - Laozi
"The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work." - Dalai Lama
"The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth." - Peter Abelard
"The ladder of success is never crowded at the top." - Napoleon Hill
"The language of friendship is not words but meanings." - Henry David Thoreau
"The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble." - Blaise Pascal
"The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it." - Carl Jung
"The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be." - Bruce Lee
"The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us." - Voltaire
"The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are." - John Burroughs
"The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom." - Plato
"The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them." - Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour
"The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly." - Richard Bach
"The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder." - Richard Bach
"The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned." - Seneca the Younger
"The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for." - Maureen Dowd
"The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself." - Henry Miller
"The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself." - Henry Miller
"The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be." - Shakti Gawain
"The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large." - Confucius
"The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"The more you care, the stronger you can be." - Jim Rohn
"The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself." - Confucius
"The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique." - Walt Disney
"The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend." - Henry David Thoreau
"The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness." - Michel de Montaigne
"The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness." - Sigmund Freud
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward." - Amelia Earhart
"The most effective way to do it, is to do it." - Amelia Earhart
"The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason." - Thomas Paine
"The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world." - Dalai Lama
"The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"The most successful people are those who are good at plan B." - James A. Yorke
"The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book." - Northrop Frye
"The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can." - Isocrates
"The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion." - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can." - Neil Gaiman
"The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there." - Robert M. Pirsig
"The only journey is the one within." - Rainer Maria Rilke
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment." - Tony Robbins
"The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything." - Denis Waitley
"The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing." - John Powell
"The only real valuable thing is intuition." - Albert Einstein
"The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself." - Oscar Wilde
"The only time to buy these is on a day with no 'y' in it." - Warren Buffett
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Isocrates
"The only way to have a friend is to be one." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance." - Alan Watts
"The only way to prove that you're a good sport is to lose." - Ernie Banks
"The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being." - Jane Wyman
"The pain passes, but the beauty remains." - Pierre-Auguste Renoir
"The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that." - Eckhart Tolle
"The path to success is to take massive, determined action." - Tony Robbins
"The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life." - Daisaku Ikeda
"The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication." - Cecil B. DeMille
"The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself." - Anais Nin
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails." - William Arthur Ward
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - Winston Churchill
"The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next." - Abraham Lincoln
"The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship." - Norman Douglas
"The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands." - Robert M. Pirsig
"The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream." - Harry Kemp
"The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react." - George Bernard Shaw
"The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days." - Laozi
"The price of greatness is responsibility." - Winston Churchill
"The problem with Google is you have 360 degrees of omnidirectional information on a linear basis, but the algorithms for irony and ambiguity are not there. And those are the algorithms of wisdom." - William Hurt
"The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live." - Mortimer J. Adler
"The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers." - Sydney J. Harris
"The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do." - B. F. Skinner
"The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character." - Margaret Chase Smith
"The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom." - William Blake
"The root of suffering is attachment." - The Buddha
"The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words." - Cicero
"The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom." - Isaac Asimov
"The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows." - Aristotle Onassis
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"The secret of success is constancy to purpose." - Benjamin Disraeli
"The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action." - John Dewey
"The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases." - Carl Jung
"The simplest things are often the truest." - Richard Bach
"The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights." - Giotto
"The smaller the mind the greater the conceit." - Aesop
"The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention." - Oscar Wilde
"The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention." - John Burroughs
"The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition." - Honore de Balzac
"The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur." - Vince Lombardi
"The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when." - Simon Sinek
"The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action." - Confucius
"The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others." - Don Shula
"The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions." - Confucius
"The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress." - Confucius
"The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell." - Confucius
"The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." - Sun Tzu
"The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind." - Kahlil Gibran
"The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen." - Frank Lloyd Wright
"The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else?" - The Buddha
"The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives." - Louise Hay
"The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense." - Thomas Edison
"The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining." - John F. Kennedy
"The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same." - Carlos Castaneda
"The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds." - Will Durant
"The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind." - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
"The truest wisdom is a resolute determination." - Napoleon
"The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is." - Winston Churchill
"The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it." - Ayn Rand
"The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it." - Norman Schwarzkopf
"The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new." - Pema Chodron
"The two most powerful warriors are patience and time." - Leo Tolstoy
"The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button." - Volker Grassmuck
"The universe is made of stories, not atoms." - Muriel Rukeyser
"The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it." - Marcus Aurelius
"The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom." - Aristotle
"The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime." - Babe Ruth
"The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives." - Tony Robbins
"The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence." - Confucius
"The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators." - Edward Gibbon
"The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose." - Dale Earnhardt
"The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation." - Isaac D'Israeli
"The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own." - Laozi
"The wisest men follow their own direction." - Euripides
"The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it." - Hugh Jackman
"The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts." - Booker T. Washington
"The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going." - Napoleon Hill
"The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page." - Augustine of Hippo
"The world is afflicted by death and decay. But the wise do not grieve, having realized the nature of the world." - The Buddha
"The world is but a canvas to the imagination." - Henry David Thoreau
"The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning." - Ivy Baker Priest
"The world is round so that friendship may encircle it." - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going." - Epictetus
"The years teach much which the days never know." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
"There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded." - Mark Twain
"There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them." - Tom Krause
"There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge." - Napoleon Hill
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." - Colin Powell
"There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met." - William Butler Yeats
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle." - Albert Einstein
"There are people who have money and people who are rich." - Coco Chanel
"There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings." - John Astin
"There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain." - Plato
"There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money." - Benjamin Franklin
"There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest." - Confucius
"There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought." - Laurence J. Peter
"There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept responsibility for changing them." - Denis Waitley
"There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it." - Edith Wharton
"There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking." - Alfred Korzybski
"There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool." - Francis Bacon
"There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart." - Charles Dickens
"There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing." - Brian Tracy
"There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart." - Jane Austen
"There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking." - Thomas Edison
"There is no failure except in no longer trying." - Elbert Hubbard
"There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires." - The Buddha
"There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child." - Henry Ward Beecher
"There is no great genius without some touch of madness." - Seneca the Younger
"There is no greater harm than that of time wasted." - Michelangelo
"There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness." - Dalai Lama
"There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living." - Nelson Mandela
"There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it." - Henry Moore
"There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen." - Wayne Dyer
"There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way." - Wayne Dyer
"There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life." - Anais Nin
"There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with." - Marcus Aurelius
"There is nothing impossible to him who will try." - Alexander the Great
"There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly." - Buckminster Fuller
"There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered." - Nelson Mandela
"There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship." - Thomas Aquinas
"There is nothing permanent except change." - Heraclitus
"There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all." - Peter Drucker
"There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else." - Sam Walton
"There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self." - Aldous Huxley
"There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved." - George Sand
"There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way." - Christopher Morley
"There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way." - Christopher Morley
"There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will." - Epictetus
"There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth." - Chanakya
"There never was a good knife made of bad steel." - Benjamin Franklin
"There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil." - Benjamin Haydon
"There's power in looking silly and not caring that you do." - Amy Poehler
"These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future." - Vernon Cooper
"They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed." - The Buddha
"They can conquer who believe they can." - Virgil
"They can do all because they think they can." - Virgil
"They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom." - Confucius
"They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself." - Andy Warhol
"Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations." - Alan Watts
"Things do not change; we change." - Henry David Thoreau
"Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember." - Seneca the Younger
"Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out." - Jack Buck
"Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people." - William Butler Yeats
"Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too." - Voltaire
"Think how hard physics would be if particles could think." - Murray Gell-Mann
"Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night." - William Blake
"Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought." - Henri Bergson
"This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him." - William Lyon Phelps
"This is the whole point of technology. It creates an appetite for immortality on the one hand. It threatens universal extinction on the other. Technology is lust removed from nature." - Don DeLillo
"This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy." - Cory Doctorow
"This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it." - Thomas Carlyle
"Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach." - Aristotle
"Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel." - Mary Kay Ash
"Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace." - The Buddha
"Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people." - The Buddha
"Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly." - John F. Kennedy
"Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched." - Miguel de Cervantes
"Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth." - The Buddha
"Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind." - Henry James
"Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose." - Eknath Easwaran
"Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune." - Carl Jung
"Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change." - Thomas Hardy
"Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend." - Theophrastus
"Time is the wisest counsellor of all." - Pericles
"Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted." - John Lennon
"Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted." - John Lennon
"To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act." - Anatole France
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe." - Anatole France
"To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe." - Marilyn vos Savant
"To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing." - Elbert Hubbard
"To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich." - Muhammad Ali
"To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else." - Dalai Lama
"To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest." - Pema Chodron
"To be great is to be misunderstood." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright." - Walter Benjamin
"To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist." - Gail Sheehy
"To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it." - Confucius
"To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it." - Confucius
"To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there." - Richard Bach
"To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions." - William James
"To choose what is difficult all one's days, as if it were easy, that is faith." - W. H. Auden
"To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first." - William Shakespeare
"To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less." - Andre Malraux
"To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom." - Bertrand Russell
"To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself." - Soren Kierkegaard
"To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god." - Napoleon
"To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others." - Tony Robbins
"To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly." - Voltaire
"To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly." - Henri Bergson
"To find a man's true character, play golf with him." - P. G. Wodehouse
"To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived." - Richard Bach
"To fly, we have to have resistance." - Maya Lin
"To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success." - Anna Pavlova
"To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect." - Joan Didion
"To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with." - Mark Twain
"To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom." - Confucius
"To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform." - Theodore H. White
"To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float." - Alan Watts
"To have much learning and skill, to be well-trained in discipline, and good in speech - this is the highest blessing." - The Buddha
"To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities." - Bruce Lee
"To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often." - Winston Churchill
"To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk." - Thomas Edison
"To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is folly." - Samuel Johnson
"To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person." - Bruce Lee
"To lead people walk behind them." - Laozi
"To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well." - John Marshall
"To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future." - Plutarch
"To me, it doesn't matter how good you are. Sport is all about playing and competing. Whatever you do in cricket and in sport, enjoy it, be positive and try to win." - Ian Botham
"To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it." - Wilson Mizner
"To see things in the seed, that is genius." - Laozi
"To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous." - Confucius
"To succeed, we must first believe that we can." - Michael Korda
"To support mother and father, to cherish partner and children, and to be engaged in peaceful occupation - this is the greatest blessing." - The Buddha
"To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do." - Kahlil Gibran
"To want to be what one can be is purpose in life." - Cynthia Ozick
"To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best." - Margaret Thatcher
"Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!" - Dr. Seuss
"Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live." - Robert F. Kennedy
"Train up a fig tree in the way it should go, and when you are old sit under the shade of it." - Charles Dickens
"Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes." - Henry J. Kaiser
"True friends stab you in the front." - Oscar Wilde
"True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance." - Henry David Thoreau
"True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation." - George Washington
"True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost." - Charles Caleb Colton
"True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing." - Baltasar Gracian
"True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks." - Jerome
"True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of oneself, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions." - Joseph Addison
"True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances." - Daisaku Ikeda
"True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing." - Isocrates
"True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment." - William Penn
"True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us." - Isocrates
"True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance." - Akhenaten
"Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work." - Warren Bennis
"Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement." - Alfred Adler
"Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level." - Joyce Brothers
"Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's." - Billy Wilder
"Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do." - Benjamin Spock
"Truth is generally the best vindication against slander." - Abraham Lincoln
"Truth is powerful and it prevails." - Sojourner Truth
"Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value." - Albert Einstein
"Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth." - Alan Watts
"Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster." - Joe Adcock
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do." - Mark Twain
"Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship." - Mother Angelica
"Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings." - Jean de La Bruyere
"Unless one is able to live fully in the present, the future is a hoax." - Alan Watts
"Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have." - Doris Mortman
"Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have." - Doris Mortman
"Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it." - M. Scott Peck
"Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best." - Henry van Dyke Jr.
"Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant." - Tony Robbins
"Value your friendship. Value your relationships." - Barbara Bush
"Vanity can easily overtake wisdom. It usually overtakes common sense." - Julian Casablancas
"Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking." - Marcus Aurelius
"Victory belongs to the most persevering." - Napoleon
"Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light." - Helen Keller
"Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one." - Marcus Aurelius
"Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship." - Benjamin Franklin
"We aim above the mark to hit the mark." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely." - Frank Abagnale
"We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same." - Anne Frank
"We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive." - Wayne Dyer
"We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations." - Chuck Swindoll
"We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts." - Harold Nicolson
"We are all something, but none of us are everything." - Blaise Pascal
"We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life." - James Freeman Clarke
"We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future." - Bernard Shaw
"We are masters of the unsaid words, but slaves of those we let slip out." - Winston Churchill
"We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice." - Stephen Covey
"We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works." - Douglas Adams
"We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far." - Swami Vivekananda
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"We are wiser than we know." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish." - Tony Robbins
"We can do no great things, only small things with great love." - Mother Teresa
"We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures." - Thornton Wilder
"We can only learn to love by loving." - Iris Murdoch
"We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain." - Alan Watts
"We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once." - Calvin Coolidge
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
"We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them." - Kahlil Gibran
"We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly." - Sam Keen
"We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world." - Helen Keller
"We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing." - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
"We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything." - Thomas Edison
"We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us." - Marcel Proust
"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." - Bernard Shaw
"We gain the strength of the temptation we resist." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life." - Edwin Markham
"We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak." - Epictetus
"We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart." - Blaise Pascal
"We know what we are but know not what we may be." - William Shakespeare
"We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness are at an all-time high. We must course-correct." - Elizabeth Kapu'uwailani Lindsey
"We lost because we told ourselves we lost." - Leo Tolstoy
"We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give." - Winston Churchill
"We make our own fortunes and we call them fate." - Benjamin Disraeli
"We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated." - Maya Angelou
"We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We must become the change we want to see." - Mahatma Gandhi
"We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey." - Kenji Miyazawa
"We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything." - Blaise Pascal
"We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice." - Sogyal Rinpoche
"We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose." - Desmond Tutu
"We must not say every mistake is a foolish one." - Cicero
"We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre." - Uta Hagen
"We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy." - Arthur Ashe
"We need never be ashamed of our tears." - Charles Dickens
"We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity." - Barbara De Angelis
"We never live; we are always in the expectation of living." - Voltaire
"We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it." - J. M. Barrie
"We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us." - Rabindranath Tagore
"We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel." - Marcia Fudge
"We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do." - Mother Teresa
"We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit." - Albert Schweitzer
"We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us." - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
"We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started." - Henry Ward Beecher
"We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution." - Abraham Lincoln
"We will develop and cultivate the liberation of mind by lovingkindness, make it our vehicle, make it our basis, stabilize it, exercise ourselves in it, and fully perfect it." - The Buddha
"We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone." - Orson Welles
"We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true." - Walt Disney
"Well begun is half done." - Aristotle
"Well done is better than well said." - Benjamin Franklin
"Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark." - Whoopi Goldberg
"What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?" - George Eliot
"What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens." - Ellen Glasgow
"What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself." - Abraham Maslow
"What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be." - Sai Baba
"What is not started today is never finished tomorrow." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"What is past is left behind. The future is yet unreached. Whatever quality is present, clearly see it right there." - The Buddha
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us." - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part." - Christopher Reeve
"What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people." - Daisaku Ikeda
"What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive." - Arnold Palmer
"What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk." - Cicero
"What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly." - Richard Bach
"What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality." - Plutarch
"What we see depends mainly on what we look for." - John Lubbock
"What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds." - Wayne Dyer
"What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?" - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
"What worries you masters you." - Haddon Robinson
"What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others." - Confucius
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"Whatever happens, take responsibility." - Tony Robbins
"Whatever has the nature of arising has the nature of ceasing." - The Buddha
"Whatever is not yours: let go of it. Your letting go of it will be for your long-term happiness & benefit." - The Buddha
"Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy." - Brian Tracy
"Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you." - John Wooden
"When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid." - Audre Lorde
"When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion." - Abraham Lincoln
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." - Laozi
"When I was 40, my doctor advised me that a man in his 40s shouldn't play tennis. I heeded his advice carefully and could hardly wait until I reached 50 to start again." - Hugo Black
"When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it." - A. Powell Davies
"When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective." - George Marshall
"When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way." - Morihei Ueshiba
"When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed." - Zhuang Zhou
"When fate hands us a lemon, let's try to make lemonade." - Dale Carnegie
"When in doubt, don't." - Benjamin Franklin
"When in doubt, tell the truth." - Mark Twain
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps." - Confucius
"When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
"When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world." - John Muir
"When people are like each other they tend to like each other." - Tony Robbins
"When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor." - Elon Musk
"When the solution is simple, God is answering." - Albert Einstein
"When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands." - Maria Shriver
"When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge." - Robert Kiyosaki
"When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself." - The Buddha
"When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves." - Viktor Frankl
"When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace." - Dalai Lama
"When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness." - Joseph Campbell
"When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves." - William Arthur Ward
"When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity." - John F. Kennedy
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you." - Laozi
"When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger." - Epictetus
"When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless." - Pema Chodron
"When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way." - Wayne Dyer
"When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it." - W. Clement Stone
"When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt." - Honore de Balzac
"When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run." - Abraham Lincoln
"When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself." - Wayne Dyer
"When you learn, teach. When you get, give." - Maya Angelou
"When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self." - Confucius
"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you." - Laozi
"When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points." - Confucius
"When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself." - Confucius
"When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve." - Napoleon Hill
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain
"Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." - Arthur Conan Doyle
"Where all think alike, no one thinks very much." - Walter Lippmann
"Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?" - George Eliot
"Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open." - Pauline Kael
"Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance." - Francis of Assisi
"Where there is great love, there are always miracles." - Willa Cather
"Where there is love there is life." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him." - Albert Schweitzer
"Wherever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius
"Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right." - Henry Ford
"While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity." - Publilius Syrus
"Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes." - Carl Jung
"Who sows virtue reaps honor." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Whoever doesn't flare up at someone who's angry wins a battle hard to win." - The Buddha
"Whoever is happy will make others happy, too." - Mark Twain
"Whoso loves, believes the impossible." - Elizabeth Browning
"Winners never quit and quitters never win." - Vince Lombardi
"Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences." - Plato
"Wisdom begins at the end." - Daniel Webster
"Wisdom begins in wonder." - Socrates
"Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone." - John Burroughs
"Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself." - Kahlil Gibran
"Wisdom comes alone through suffering." - Aeschylus
"Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences." - Norman Cousins
"Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has." - Josh Billings
"Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values." - Sidney Hook
"Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength." - Phil Jackson
"Wisdom is found only in truth." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life." - Hermann Hesse
"Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar." - William Wordsworth
"Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use." - Thomas J. Watson
"Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk." - Doug Larson
"Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom." - Charles Spurgeon
"Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness." - Sophocles
"Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next." - Herbert Hoover
"Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men." - Confucius
"Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one." - Diogenes
"Wise men make more opportunities than they find." - Francis Bacon
"Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something." - Plato
"Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something." - Plato
"Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit." - Aristotle
"With age comes wisdom and a high sex drive. And the wisdom to enjoy it." - Amber Valletta
"With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice." - Oprah Winfrey
"With pride, there are many curses. With humility, there come many blessings." - Ezra Taft Benson
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world." - Dalai Lama
"Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit." - Baltasar Gracian
"Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech." - Benjamin Franklin
"Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds." - Gordon Hinckley
"Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
"Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark." - Henri-Frederic Amiel
"Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live." - John Dewey
"Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable." - Carl Jung
"Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed." - Vaclav Havel
"Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching." - Satchel Paige
"Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you." - Henri-Frederic Amiel
"Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been." - Mark Twain
"Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser." - Paulo Coelho
"Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun." - John Lennon
"Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win." - Bernadette Devlin
"Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present." - Joan Rivers
"Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present." - Babatunde Olatunji
"Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games." - Babe Ruth
"You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear." - Sammy Davis Jr.
"You always succeed in producing a result." - Tony Robbins
"You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean." - Alan Watts
"You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past." - Richard Bach
"You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back." - Wayne Dyer
"You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however." - Richard Bach
"You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand." - Woodrow Wilson
"You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes." - Alan Watts
"You are the only person on earth who can use your ability." - Zig Ziglar
"You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else." - Winston Churchill
"You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job." - Laurence J. Peter
"You can do it if you believe you can!" - Napoleon Hill
"You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time." - Abraham Lincoln
"You can observe a lot just by watching." - Yogi Berra
"You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new." - Brian Tracy
"You can only learn so much from books. You can only learn so much from education. Ultimately, it is the wisdom of God that will carry you through in the toughest situations of life." - Ravi Zacharias
"You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims." - Harriet Woods
"You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions." - Naguib Mahfouz
"You can't blame gravity for falling in love." - Albert Einstein
"You can't choose up sides on a round world." - Wayne Dyer
"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water." - Rabindranath Tagore
"You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one." - John Wooden
"You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get." - Michael Phelps
"You can't shake hands with a clenched fist." - Indira Gandhi
"You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
"You can't win unless you learn how to lose." - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with." - Wayne Dyer
"You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless." - Caroline Myss
"You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today." - Abraham Lincoln
"You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present." - Eckhart Tolle
"You cannot have what you do not want." - John Acosta
"You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in." - Heraclitus
"You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you." - Eckhart Tolle
"You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them." - Desmond Tutu
"You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you." - Alan Watts
"You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball." - Bob Knight
"You give before you get." - Napoleon Hill
"You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there." - Yogi Berra
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." - Winston Churchill
"You have to believe in yourself." - Sun Tzu
"You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was." - Abraham Lincoln
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up." - Babe Ruth
"You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." - Dr. Seuss
"You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving." - Anatole France
"You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one." - John Lennon
"You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself." - Napoleon Hill
"You must do the things you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler." - Denis Waitley
"You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"You really can change the world if you care enough." - Marian Wright Edelman
"You should ignore that person's impure behavior by way of speech and body, and focus on the fact that they get an openness and clarity of heart from time to time. That's how to get rid of resentment for that person." - The Buddha
"You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time." - Jim Bouton
"You teach best what you most need to learn." - Richard Bach
"You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be." - Lou Holtz
"You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life." - Albert Camus
"You win the victory when you yield to friends." - Sophocles
"You won't skid if you stay in a rut." - Kin Hubbard
"You yourself must strive. The Buddhas only point the way." - The Buddha
"You'll see it when you believe it." - Wayne Dyer
"You're never a loser until you quit trying." - Mike Ditka
"You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day." - Marian Wright Edelman
"You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is." - Will Rogers
"Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude." - Zig Ziglar
"Your big opportunity may be right where you are now." - Napoleon Hill
"Your friend is your needs answered." - Kahlil Gibran
"Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years." - Richard Bach
"Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer." - William Burroughs
"Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again." - Joseph Campbell
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God." - Leo Buscaglia
"Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes." - Carl Jung
"Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens." - Carl Jung
"Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts." - The Buddha
"Sorry, we're all out of quotes." - Sysadmin
